program: Visual Ada95
report_type: coding error
severity: severe
problem_summary: www
reproducible: 0
problem: ss
reported_by: Hannah
date_reported: 2023-04-04
functional_area: Parser
assigned_to: Johann Gomblepuddy
comments: wde
status: Open
priority: 4
resolution: Need more info
resolution_version: 3
resolution_by: Hannah
date_resolved: 2023-04-11
tested_by: Chels k
bug_id: 1
prog_id: 13
area_id: 26

program: Skyrim 4
report_type: coding error
severity: fatal
problem_summary: qqq
reproducible: 0
problem: sww
reported_by: Timmy
date_reported: 2023-04-04
functional_area: Lexer
assigned_to: Hannah
comments: sss
status: Open
priority: 3
resolution: Withdrawn by reporter
resolution_version: 1
resolution_by: Johann Gomblepuddy
date_resolved: 2023-04-11
tested_by: Johann Gomblepuddy
bug_id: 4
prog_id: 11
area_id: 25

program: Mapstar 7
report_type: hardware error
severity: severe
problem_summary: ddd
reproducible: 0
problem: ggg
reported_by: Timmy
date_reported: 2023-04-03
functional_area: Lexer
assigned_to: Johann Gomblepuddy
comments: ppp
status: Closed
priority: 5
resolution: As designed
resolution_version: 2
resolution_by: Hannah
date_resolved: 2023-04-03
tested_by: Prakash
bug_id: 5
prog_id: 18
area_id: 25

